Foyer~Yeezy Come, Yeezy Go. This is the central hub of Kanye’s mansion. This room features the grandeur of Yeezy’s prime ego including numerous different West treasures and expensive stuff that Kim asked him to buy. After a huge power outage, some of his precious memorabilia was damaged.~Kitchen%Library%Master Bedroom%Grand Entrance~Painting of Kanye West:Kanye got this painting because mirrors are not great enough to picture the perfection of Yeezy himself. Created for millions of dollars, this painting shows Kanye how Kanye sees Kanye. From his buff abs to his pearly whites, this picture is a masterpiece worth millions. But what is this? A mustache scribbled in Sharpie marker?:N:2%Expensive Vase:One of Kylie’s highly esteemed vases. This vase is on the ground, shattered into two pieces. Dirt is all over the place and all that remains of where the vase used to be is a couple of daisy petals.:N:2%Carpet:Kanye stole this carpet from the set of Aladdin. This magic carpet is just a fancy decoration for Kanye’s foyer and really serves him no purpose. There is a strange yellow smear on the carpet that the Monkey Butler really can’t seem to get off though. Strange.:N:4%Umbrella:One of the best umbrellas money could buy. On his trip to London, Kanye saw this golden umbrella and decided to pick it up. Of course, it is a woman’s accessory, but Kanye can pull anything off. It is probably worth something like 23k. There is a mischievous tear on the Umbrella:N:1%Yeezy Statue:Kanye only loves art that is of himself. As if the painting was not enough, he needed to acquire a statue in his likeness. If you are wondering why Kanye made his statue out of Nickel, he thought that it would be funny to see Elon Musk’s reaction to wasting valuable material. On Kanye’s foot, there is a smear of sour cream. Weird.:N:4~Mercy the Cat:The cat seems to have the stem of a flower in its mouth. There is dirt all over Mercy’s white coat.:Meow:0%Monkey Butler:Kanye’s prime acquisition- his Monkey Butler. Boris was pretty boring, so Kanye personally trained this Butler to clean and serve him his ©Yeezy Freezy alcoholic slushies.:The monkey looks at the painting with shame.:1%Kylie Kardashian:She is looking at her phone at all of her Instagram followers and streaming an Instagram Live. You look down and you see that she is not wearing her typical slippers.:“I don’t even like Taco Bell. It makes my butt look small. I can tell you what Kanye, you will be in big trouble with Kim with this big Mess.”:4
Dining Hall~The Dining Hall is a great place to chill and eat some food.~Foyer~Forks:Just some plain old forks. They are pretty shiny forks.:N:0%Bag of Doritos:Kanye’s favorite snack food is his Doritos. In his song, Lollipop, he lowkey made a reference to his favorite chips. He states, “Tell a girl like doritos that's not yo cheese”. He wants to make a flavor called Yeezy Cheezy. Who in the right mind would eat a whole bag of Doritos with a gordita supreme?:Y:0%China Plates:Kortney Kardashian’s esteemed China plates. She bought them off of Ebay, but nobody really cares. One of them seems to have been freshly washed…:N:2%Wine Caddy:Kris Jenner loves her wine, and his wine caddy, bought at an auction for half a million dollars, is adorned with jewels and gold. Kanye likes to keep his Mountain Dew on there for some reason.:N:0%Lazy Suzan:Kanye stole this Lazy Suzan from the set of his hit song “Closed on Sunday” where he displays his love for Chick Fil A. It has a screw missing for some reason.:N:0~Kris Jenner:Seems to be looking disgusted with Kourtney Kardashian. She stares at the back wall, thinking.:“Why would you even want to pull a prank on Elon Musk? Honestly, I am fed up with his shenanigans.”:0%Kourtney Kardashian: Kourtney is staring at the China plate eating the Bag of Doritos.:She just plainly says “These are good chips”:1
Kitchen~Kanye’s huge kitchen has a 24 stove top burner with a wood burning pizza oven. Accompanied by an armada of slushie machines and a deluxe pantry filled to the brim with Doritos, Oreos, and all the junk food one can imagine, one may only dream of having such a stacked kitchen. There are wine fridges, fridges filled to the brim with ice cream, and tons of appliances for the chefs to use. The kitchen has a slight musk of some mexican food.~Dining Hall%Foyer%Garage~Spatula:A dirty spatula with some lettuce on it. Kanye does not like vegetables… weird.:N:1%Butcher’s Knife:A clean knife. It seems like it is a bit cold to the touch.:N:1%Mystery Meat:A random slab of meat on a cutting board. It seems a bit questionable to what exactly it is, but Chef Pepe always delivers. Chef Pepe once worked at Chipotle, so maybe he is trying to make something to feed his hungry guests.:Y:0%Package of Oreos:A package of desecrated oreos near Khloé Kardashian. Most of them are gone.:Y:1%Pan:A dirty pan with some cheese crisps on it. The pan is slightly hot to the touch.:N:0~Khloé Kardashian: She seems to be eating the Oreos in an odd fashion.: “These are the best! I’m stress eating right now”.:1%Chef Pepe:Chopping the mystery meat and stirring up the mexican food.:“Mi amigo. I need to cook now. We’re making some TexMex tonight”:1%Remmy the Rat:Seems to be instructing Chef Pepe from a memorized recipe.:Gazes at you, looks back at Khloé, and dives back into the seasoning rack.:0
Garden~Kanye’s personal garden. The once beautiful garden looks to be now destroyed due to a stray dog who may have some beef with Kanye. All of the plants have seemed to be ripped up except for a single rose.~Grand Entrance~Rose:a single rose that can be picked up because it is thornless. It seems to be in perfect condition.:N:0%Sheers:a garden tool:N:0%Rake:a garden tool that can be found in the corner of the Garden:N:0%Flower Beds: empty flower beds:N:0~Stray Dog:A really messy dog that seems to be running around the whole gardin.:“Name- Drizzy.  Please return to Drake if found lost”:0
Grand Entrance~The front entrance of the Kayne West’s mansion. The beautiful mansion now seems to be threatened by a prankster. The Uber Eats Taco Bell Bag is still there, but the food clearly is not.~Garden%Garage%Foyer~Kanye Statue:A statue that shows all of Yeezy’s goodness:N:0%Note on door:“Payback time”:N:1~Greeter:Welcomes Kayne back to the mansion.:”Sir, I have no clue what happened to your Taco Bell. It seems like someone in the house picked it up, however, because the security cameras show that. It looks like they went northbound towards the Foyer.:3
Garage~Four of Kanye’s favorite cars placed together in the room in two rows and two columns. A mechanic who has been jamming out to some Jay-Z seems to be working on one of the cars, but can not find a particular tool. A dark puddle can be seen in the middle of the room. Could it be oil? Blood? Hot sauce?~Grand Hall%Kitchen~Screwdriver:it seems to have the same type color liquid that is on the floor. It smells spicy for some reason.:N:3%Banner:when looked at closer, it reads “Horses in the Garage”:N:0~Mechanic:Tightening a bolt underneath Yeezy's custom Tesla:“Oh! Mr. Kanye. I fixed up your lambo. I think that you should test it out soon. That stuff on the floor is just motor oil, at least I think.”:2
Library~The library is big with a wide range of books from different subjects. Most of the books in the library are about stories of different genres and some real life subjects as well. It has one area that has a table and very cushioned chairs and a coach. Chole Kardashian can be seen looking at one of the shelves. With a computer on a desk in a corner of the room.~Foyer%Master Bathroom~Book:A book about a comedy murder mansion where a killer was on the loose.:N:0%Sitting area:A small area that has lavish things to sit on:N:0%Desk computer:a computer that is turned off and seems to be not working:N:1~Chloe Kardashian:looking for hair product books.:”I honestly have no clue how to add more volume to my hair. I know I look stupid and I don’t look like an avid reader, but I’ve been in this library all day!”:1
Master Bathroom~A huge bathroom with everything being golden from the walk in shower, toilet, and sink all being made out of gold. Then as you walk in you see OJ Simpson brushing his teeth with a golden tooth brush with no toothpaste. Just getting a nice cleaning with gold. Inside you can see that the shower was recently used with the water still drying. There is a rag on the floor of the shower that is crumpled up. Then sleeping pills on the sink.~Library%Master Bedroom~Rag:A dirty rag on the floor of the shower that has a faded stain on it:N:1%Medicine:Pills on the sink that are to help someone sleep.:Y:1%Button:a button behind the sink mirror:N:0~OJ Simpson:Brushing his teeth with no toothpaste:“Ay man you gotta check out the toilet. I think it’s clogged”:3
Secret Room~This room is very small with only a single desk computer chair and computer on the desk. There is a one way window that allows them to see outside.~Master Bathroom~Computer:This computer is working and has info on all the people that live in the house. It does not have the information on where your Gordita went Kanye! Move on man!:N:0%Desk:The desk has different drawers all but one is empty and it has a cleaning solution in it.:N:0%Chair: it seems to be pushed back as if someone had just got out of it.:N:0~Henry the Spider:turns around towards his web:Makes no noise:0
Master bedroom~A spacious bedroom with plush carpet. An unreasonably large bed sprawls across one side of the room, facing a vanity on the other. A tire iron has been shoved under the vanity, leaving a grease stain on the carpet.~Guest Room%Master Bathroom%Foyer~Tire iron:A bent rod with a socket on the end, meant for loosening lug nuts. It seems to have sour cream on it.:N:2%Cosmetics:Various cosmetic paints and powders with fancy names. Smells funny.:N:0%Slippers:A pair of fuzzy slippers. You can check them for sour cream stains, but how on earth would someone with slippers get sour cream all over them is beyond me.:N:3~Disgruntled Maid:She begins grousing about the grease in the carpet:“I’ve been trying to get the grease from that thing out of the carpet for twenty minutes. When she decided to bring it in here I knew she was going to make a mess. She is gonna face the wrath… mutter mutter mutter.”:3
Guest Room~A reasonably large bedroom with classy furniture and a bed. The carpet has a distinct trail through the room, as though the only reason anybody comes here is to visit the study. An eraser has inexplicably made itself at home on an otherwise bare nightstand.~Study%Master Bedroom~Easy Chair:How did you pick this up?:N:0%Eraser:A rubber eraser, complete with pencil holes and graphite streaks.:N:0~Goldfish:An unnamed goldfish:Blub:0
Study~A cozy, dimly lit room lined with books that nobody has bothered to read. A stationary-littered desk sits in front of a fireplace full of fake logs, and a colossal leather chair stands behind it. A lovely place to spend an evening watching Netflix on your phone~Guest Room~Desk Lamp:It’s a lamp… that goes on a desk. Decently heavy:N:0%Fire Poker:A pointy iron rod with a hook at the end. Classic.:N:0%Letter Opener:Thin, dull blade made for pretending to fight off villains while nobody’s looking.:N:0~Caitlyn Kardashian:That’s weird, she’s not wearing any shoes or socks. She seems to be preoccupied on her phone:“What’s all of this fuss about a Taco Bell thing?”:2
